PS19L|I think the Labour Party's heart is in the right place they want to take a positive approach and do what they can to help industry to train to put more money into training youngsters for industry then we have a skill work force not a cheap not a cheap unskilled labour force er you know which is what we what's happening now because we've just not been trained they're cutting the training but it's all the same anyway you know I I I don't know you say what can I do for ya well er in the short run not much except to help the the people who are on lower income and the children through the budget er which will be introduced it'll be that why er through er child benefits and through er high high benefits and through er er lower taxes for the everybody up to er twenty odd twenty five thousand year or something so erm I mean that's in the short run and little that can be done it's not as much as anybody would like you put more and more into into er into training er more money into industry to help them to invest er you know you can have a sort of regional development banks to help industry to invest these in in each of the regions but I mean the these are the positive plans and not like this one who's just letting things go.
PS19M|If if under if and I hope that your crowd get in see I think.
PS19L|Yeah.
PS19M|as I say I'm just fed up with this lot what is the outlook on er income tax.
PS19L|Well.
PS19M|Cos I mean we know it's going up whoever gets in they're gon na put it up.
PS19L|well you know John Smith laid out his budget for the next study for the to cover the next two years and there I mean there's no intention to to change it in the foreseeable future I mean they've laid it out for two years so that the basic rate stays the same that the personal allowances are being increased so that this will take a lot of lower paid people out of tax and that coupled with the child benefit will make everybody up to about twenty two thousand a year better off and then from there they'll be a a a range of people who to it won't make much difference.
PS19M|No.
PS19L|overall certainly if they've got children but if we get above thirty forty thousand a year it'll take more the other people who've gained so much.
PS19M|Yeah.
PS19L|out of the last ten years.
PS19L|Yeah yeah it's not it's not been fair.
PS19M|Ooh aye it's not it's not fair I agree.
PS19L|and not not only on income tax but on poll tax local tax.
PS19M|Yeah yeah.
PS19L|That's right.
PS19M|cos I mean that that's just a joke that.
PS19L|do you think Labour would alter the poll tax and put it back to its sort of original sort of rating system.
PS19L|We're going back to a kind of rating system with the different assessment on valuations.
PS19L|Yeah it's fair int it The bigger the house the more money you should pay.
PS19L|the Tories are gon na introduce their alternative but they're still going to through this banding system the whole objective of that is to is to make sure that the better off people don't pay their full whack.
PS19M|Mm.
PS19L|instead of paying er you know three or four times in a for a big house to to a very modern poor house.
PS19M|Yeah.
PS19L|er they only pay sort of one and a half or twice that's the that's the purpose of the Tories.
PS19M|Well what el what's the other alternative for this vat cos I mean it was the Tories who brought this vat system into operation I mean it's wrong.
PS19L|Well.
PS19M|when you think about it it's wrong you're paying tax on your wages at source and then you go to the shops and you've got to pay tax on your goods again.
PS19L|Well I hope that.
PS19L|That's right.
PS19M|it's totally wrong.
PS19L|when we got a.
