PS05F|I thought you said one you had to have somebody involved who is.
KBHPSUN|No no no one person that's not right.
PS05F|Oh right.
KBHPSUN|There is no statutory obligation for the person organizing it.
PS05D|Oh I know.
PS05F|Well not the organizer surely oh I know I would have thought you'd have to shoot it.
KBHPSUN|I'm sure that the social services require psychiatric or.
PS05F|Mm I would of thought so.
KBHPSUN|obviously medical what you're doing Mhm but they're to be qualified people involved But I would have expected that the whole thing would have to be operated by somebody who was qualified.
PS05F|I don't know because like you know like the doctors.
KBHPSUN|I think it sort of depends how big that you want to get involved in If you're just somebody who's on the outside providing services to keep the smooth running of it then you don't really have to know anything about it.
PS05D|Mm.
KBHPSUN|But if you're actually involved in it and you want to be involved in the people then I think you have to know something about it.
PS05F|Well the other evening they were showing something on T V one of these doctors' doctors' practices that are opting out or whatever And they got a stockbroker someone who used to be a stockbroker actually managing the whole practice.
KBHPSUN|Yeah.
PS05F|I mean he's obviously not qualified as a doctor.
KBHPSUN|Mhm.
PS05F|So I mean I suppose they'll look at it in the same kind of way somebody who's got managerial management qualities rather than I suppose people who are interested in the other side of it the medical side of it probably really be geared up to organizing the money side of it wouldn't they usually one or the other.
PS05D|So have you done any more calculations on it.
KBHPSUN|There's nothing really more I mean the whole thing is a budget guesstimate I've no idea yet really what I mean you know for instance I don't know how much ratio staff to patients they need therefore you can't really you know follow that up because you've no idea what the costs themselves could be.
PS05B|Well you don't know have you have you found the statutory requirement for space yet Per person.
KBHPSUN|I think the thing is going to come unstuck in the I think the biggest thing is I was thinking is the fact that you've got to get I wouldn't get a commitment from Social Services until they see a property actually ready for occupation Now I'm not gon na be prepared to go through the whole business and then find them say oh sorry you're wrong.
PS05D|Property is the biggest bugbear.
KBHPSUN|Yeah Because I don't think.
PS05D|If you're actually sitting on.
KBHPSUN|I don't think the banks are gon na want to invest To be perfectly frank You see the only way we can get equity out and put money in ourselves is by selling this place.
PS05D|Yes.
PS05B|Therefore if we don't actually want to live in the same place as the residents which I certainly wouldn't want to do right We'd have to buy two adjoining Yeah So that either means providing it or something further down the scale I mean that's huge That to be honest is is somebody who's like been doing this for ten years and has already got themselves like half a million pounds of worth of equity You know it's a huge property.
PS05F|But you would need a large property to do what you want.
KBHPSUN|I don't think so.
