PS05D|It would be eleven bedrooms and five receptions The point is that you've got to count if you've got to count one bedroom.
PS05B|Yes I've got.
PS05D|you count one bedroom for all the You may even have to count two You certainly got to count one So two bedrooms out of twelve are no longer available.
PS05B|Sorry Say that again in English.
PS05B|They're coming to collect the stuff next Thursday But I don't have to do it every day all day It's twenty tapes So that's twenty times ninety minutes talking about his estimates Very exciting stuff and I've been telling her not to speak so loudly Have you had enough now.
PS05D|and then I'm talking about right It's gon na cost five and a half thousand mortgage At this point would cost about just just about half.
KBHPSUN|Six bedrooms would pro six bedrooms would probably cost you two to buy five and six bedroom houses and you won't get anything under two hundred thousand pounds.
PS05D|How much do you wan na to bet on that.
PS05D|Mm.
KBHPSUN|Where.
PS05D|I've been waiting for on one.
KBHPSUN|Where.
KBHPSUN|You've got to spend as much or twice as much there as you would there as you would anywhere else Those other properties there isn't half the amount of work need doing there as needs a lot of work If we moved in then we'd have to spend fifty thousand pound to get it up to scratch That's just to live in.
PS05D|Alright O K let's say two hundred grand O K It's still fifty per cent less than one of those properties at Harrow Road right Fifty per cent less on the mortgage means erm about three and a half thousand It's effectively eighteen thousand per annum saved right The cost of and gain four bedrooms.
KBHPSUN|the cheaper it should become.
PS05D|Oh yes it is I don't doubt it but the problem is right And you've got to be realistic Because no bank is going to give you the money against the costs of the value of the property right They're gon na give you the against equity equity of some sort But the only way you can get the equity right The only way we could get the equity We could do it The only thing I could do I mean at the same time I'm saying O K I'll go in to do it this way would be to actually say sod this for a lark instead of doing erm totally private thing gon na set up a private limited company to issue cheques.
PS05C|I really couldn't I would never get the price I'd want for the alphabet.
