PS003|Perhaps I shouldn't do this yet cos we haven't agreed it But we have a new secretary Er if you agree it an and report And I'm gon na ask Catherine to stand up so that you can all see who she is.
PS003|We're involved in bringing things together we're involved lots of things and.
KB0PSUN|At the back in black.
PS003|there are lots of things.
KB0PSUN|At the back in black.
PS003|committee if you go downstairs you will see on the notice there a display of various things that we do and on the windowsills there are various pieces of information free sheets that you can pick up and take away it will tell you about all sorts of issues The way in which society imposes an agenda on us asks us questions in the churches I think we're not too bad in doing that But what we need to do as well is to listen wha to what the churches are saying as they address these issues And I want to erm ask you please if you have any comments about the work of The Old Church and Society Committee the work we do fo fo for Synod and in the provence please make those comments known to Catherine or to your district representative We need to hear from the local churches from the district councils what's going on wha what the issues that concern you are so let's as well the ones that you see downstairs we may already be addressing so have a look down there have a look at the the information but if there are any issues you feel we ought to be addressing then please let us know so that we can put them on our agenda That's all I want to say except to er who that Synod received the report of the Church and Society committee I'm assuming you've read that report Have you received it.
KB0PSUN|Yeah.
KB0PSUN|Yes.
PS008|Does anybody wish to make any comments or ask any questions about this particular section Don't think that's a lack of interest I think it's matter of discipline.
PS003|Oh Good.
PS003|Okay then.
PS008|Thank you Peter and thank you Catherine erm we will give the view in due course We move to the dp committee report which is on page seventeen I'm gon na go very speedily and ask that we receive this report for debate Good.
KB0PSUN|Yes.
PS008|Any comments on any section that is not pertaining to the resolution that was on page nineteen Erm one from Mike Mike.
PS007|and is that I always feel threatened or paranoid I just want to make a point on on paragraph seven the rule in which to review the is that my understanding that review will be about the role and of the rule in which the.
PS008|We will note that in a minute.
PS007|Right.
PS008|Er.
KB0PSUN|I just wan na refer to item one which is to do with the Synod.
PS008|That's actually a different resolution.
KB0PSUN|Is it.
PS008|So we come back to that.
KB0PSUN|Well.
KB0PSUN|Do you wann it.
PS008|Ah ah.
KB0PSUN|Right I would say.
PS008|Sorry Sorry.
PS008|Any other comments about any other questions not pertaining to the resolution there We therefore come to resolution two in which to make it to paragraph one.
KB0PSUN|You're so gracious John.
KB0PSUN|So it's just simply to er comment about the the future work that's gon na be done by Glanmole er the work of investigation as I understand it at the end of that first section.
KB0PSUN|Really two things brought up investigation to consider the first is with trusts the very important piece of work that's done by trusts on behalf of the provence another provence may or may not know that there are the trusts have now been er between trusts erm South Wales trusts erm.
KB0PSUN|Monmouthshire.
KB0PSUN|North Wales trust and Monmouthshire have now all been amalgamated into one and we're working through the implications of that And we have had the trust secretary who has been working on our behalf voluntarily for some time now I don't think anybody appreciates just how much and I would like to put it on record how much George does on behalf of the provence a very considerable piece of work If you were part of the trust meetings and saw the degree of work that he does do regularly on our behalf it is quite considerable he doesn't do it for nothing I can't imagine that George is gon na continuing doing that forever and it may well be that we'll be faced with a possibility of of what we do in the future to have that piece of administration done will we be able to assume that it could done voluntary in the future Or will it be part of the administrative task of the church So I'd I'd like that to be er considered er when this whole investigation is carried on And the second point too is to say is to ask at least to consider whether then in some centres the work of the Synod ought to be trimmed down to match the particular work that is being done I mean tha is it all you know do we need all the time to have erm extra administrative help and in in and in terms of which we've been talking about before I know they might sound like two conflicting issues but one of the ways of ensuring we get the work done is do we trying too much at the Synod Should we be thrusting more work down to districts and th and they'll to do the job rather than always assume it should be done at this level.
PS008|I think I'm not going to encourage debate on that I think we've heard what Kenneth said particularly about the trusts the working done by the trust and would suggest that we ask Granville to take that on board as well and be within the presentations too And I think some would be the less about the too much work perhaps being done by Synod and not enough by districts I think it is something that we should encourage churches to talk about the districts to talk about speaking of the district secretary I.
PS008|But there we are I I think we'll just take that on board like that Erm resolution that Synod appoints Jo John as Synod clerk for a period of up to three years to commence at a date mutually convenient to him and the present Synod clerk Those in favour of that resolution Any against Right I think erm we are not going to say thank you to Eileen now because she is not finishing as Synod clerk and that's a conscious decision It may be that er Eileen will be Synod clerk this time next year as well we don't know.
PS008|Synod will divulge a degree of flex no quite seriously a degree of flexibility and we're grateful both to Eileen and er to John for allowing that degree of flexibility to take place And Synod will of course will be informed er.
PS008|when when Synod clerk has changed But we're grateful to Eileen for what she is doing and will continue to do and we're grateful to John for what he intends to do erm for three years at any stage wha at any stage in which they choose thank you Then resolution three that Synod appoints the Reverend David Henry and Nanette as the rep as representatives on the Mission Council and this pertaining to paragraph two Firstly I think I should say that straight away one hopes that these three erm and that's regrettable But the background is that of fifty letters were sent out to a variety of people er lay and ordained whatever that means.
PS008|Erm asking for permission to put their names forward and from the the few letters we had the this was that we thought was the whitest knights in terms of Geography in terms of sex in terms of I wouldn't say intelligence perhaps I should try to impress them.
PS008|Erm are there any comments or questions Those those supporting that please show Against Erm now this present report is no longer necessary erm because paragraph three is now no longer accurate erm because a change that took place in the General Assembly Executive Committee last the week before last My feeling is that it wouldn't have when there's a been a change perhaps there could be no from the.
PS008|the secretary and as now does not apply to this I would suggest that somebody unconstitutionally intervenes the Synod advocate and ignore this resolution and continue with the second Saturday of March and the second Saturday in April Can you agree Yo.
KB0PSUN|Yes.
KB0PSUN|Agreed.
PS008|Yes Does Synod accept the nominations in section ten These nominations are do clearly written.
KB0PSUN|Yes if we could make a comment please the thing about in July.
PS008|Yes.
KB0PSUN|Could it be looked at.
PS008|Well it's erm and the see if you could another appointment erm for when he has got.
KB0PSUN|That's okay.
PS008|Those in agreement with resolution five please show And when we come to resolution six er there is only one district council which has a made a nomination for the erm moderator for general assembly for ninety three ninety four And that was district council You will all find yellow sheets of paper if wondering why we're reading about the district council erm I think unanimously wish to put this nomination of reverence in the past erm and the nomination for moderator of general assembly from ninety three to ninety four They have read it was proposed and seconded by the Reverends erm Mike and Gethwyn and if there any questions I am sure that they are to answer questions rather than ask them to speak to us.
KB0PSUN|thank you.
PS008|There was quite a lot of discussion in the District Council about this nomination erm it wasn't that reminds me yes it was.
PS008|all members votes voted in favour of it.
PS008|Erm so it had been thought about quite seriously Is Synod willing to take this for the general assembly as a nomination for erm if she agrees to nomination for moderator general assembly.
KB0PSUN|Yeah.
KB0PSUN|Could I could I just ask what particular element she has for Wales to nominate why why why was Wales nominated Any you know particular reason for that having got David here ah I I I've decided to go through actually.
KB0PSUN|But how.
KB0PSUN|But I I of course felt the of giving me something that he would be known by everybody in Wales Er a and therefore I would of thought that was a everyone but I'm just wondering why it is that now what of Wales.
PS008|Are there any other questions to refer to district council.
KB0PSUN|No.
PS008|Can you answer.
PS006|Well I felt one of two ways firstly when we're looking for a moderator of the urc we're looking for a moderator for the whole church And secondly in terms of Liz Liz is someone I know extremely well and have worked with in various functions and committees over the past We have someone always there for those who have er society those who are poor er women er many of the issues that we feel very strongly and here here She had no sort of cultural historic resonance with the nation of Wales but I'm sure her and the way she approaches her whole ministry would mean that she'd have a lot of than those of us here in the urc in Wales.
PS008|The resolution is comes before you from district council those in favour of sending er Elizabeth's nomination forward if she agrees to that please show Those against That is carried We've come I think to the end of our business which is good You will have tea at half past four which is which is er splendid There are a couple of things I would like to say one is that you will find people have asked regards the paper which David mentioned in Northern Ireland that has been distributed it was pinned to another sheet of paper erm headed The Last Attempt and there are more copies available it's simply to know where to find that We must have three minutes of relaxation before beginning Synod.
PS008|Before beginning Thank you for before yo before you start the please please we haven't quite finished Before we actually have that three minute break erm I think we should formally thank the Church of England of Holywell for its hospitality laid down.
KB0PSUN|Ooh Ooh.
KB0PSUN|Erm.
KB0PSUN|Would like a cup of this er.
KB0PSUN|Mm.
KB0PSUN|Sorry now that's.
KB0PSUN|No no I didn't.
KB0PSUN|I knew these pews were hard.
KB0PSUN|Ooh I didn't realise they were that bad I feel sorry for my poor congregation.
KB0PSUN|Hello.
KB0PSUN|There's a cup of tea there.
KB0PSUN|Ooh how kind Thank you.
KB0PSUN|You.
KB0PSUN|very much.
KB0PSUN|you're standing in the door.
KB0PSUN|Thank you.
KB0PSUN|What have we got here.
KB0PSUN|Thank you.
KB0PSUN|Well it's the.
KB0PSUN|Hello Arthur.
KB0PSUN|Erm Owen was told we'd got to.
KB0PSUN|John.
KB0PSUN|He's upstairs.
KB0PSUN|Is he Oh.
KB0PSUN|Oh sorry.
KB0PSUN|Day before it.
PS008|Shall we settle down.
PS008|Shall we settle down.
KB0PSUN|you have to say.
KB0PSUN|Who.
KB0PSUN|Steven.
PS008|And could you please put your hand up if you haven't got.
KB0PSUN|Oh I say.
PS008|an order of service Yeah and they've been given out.
KB0PSUN|Erm.
PS008|And we begin our worship.
PS008|and begin our worship with a period of silence So even if you're standing could you stand quietly.
PS008|Can we keep quiet please We all stand You are the comfort Blessed by God the eternal mystery creator of the universe heavens of human kind the almighty who loves us with a mother's love the everlasting one who holds us as children to his cheeks Glory.
KB0PSUN|to God glory to God glory in the highest glory to God glory to God glory in the highest to God be glory forever to God be glory forever hallelujah amen hallelujah amen hallelujah amen hallelujah amen.
PS008|Blessed by Jesus Christ the only begotten son of God word of life contradicter of expectations the revived redeemer with the common touch the risen and saviour with holed hands and haloed head.
KB0PSUN|Glory to God glory to God glory in the highest glory to God glory to God glory in the highest to God be glory forever to God be glory forever hallelujah amen hallelujah amen hallelujah amen hallelujah amen.
PS008|Blessed by the Holy Spirits the Lord and giver of life midwife of change catalyst inspiration the carpenter pregnant with a piece of God a distributor revealing the truth we abhor.
KB0PSUN|Glory to God glory to God glory in the highest glory to God glory to God glory in the highest to God be glory forever to God be glory forever hallelujah amen hallelujah amen hallelujah amen hallelujah amen.
PS008|Blessed be God the trinity the divine community by the church in earth and heaven.
KB0PSUN|Praise be God forever.
PS008|We sing Christ be the time.
KB0PSUN|Praise be to before me behind me take off my Christ be within me Christ be above me never to part Christ shall light burn Christ on my Christ all our love thee Christ if I'm sleeping rise in my Christ in my light of my life Christ be in all my thinking about me Christ be in all Christ be the with eyes that see me with ears that hear me Christ ever be.
PS008|Oh Lord our God how glorious is your name in all the earth Your majesty is praised above the heavens.
KB0PSUN|On the life children and babes you have found praise to follow your enemy to silence the foe and the.
PS008|When I see the heavens the work of your hand the moon and stars which you arranged what are human beings that you should be mindful of them Mere mortals but you should care for them.
KB0PSUN|You created the image of yourself and them with glory and honour You gave them rule over the works of your hand and put all things under their dominion.
PS008|All of them sheep and cattle yes even the savage beasts birds of the air and fish that make their way through the water.
KB0PSUN|Oh Lord our God how glorious is your name in all the earths.
PS004|After the letter and before sixty So poor apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God whose prodigal life is fulfilled in Christ Jesus To Timothy his dear dad great mercy and peace to you from God the father and Christ Jesus our Lord I give thanks to the God of my forefathers who I worship with a clear conscience when I mention you in my prayers as I do constantly night and day When I remember the tears you shed I long to see you again and so make my happiness complete I am reminded of the sincerity of your faith a faith which was the light in your your grandmother and Eunice your mother before you and which I am confident now lives in you.
PS008|Very simple Pouring out of thanks for the young Timothy who spent the time in prayer if you wish to say a short simple prayer of thanks do so end it thank you God and we'll all join in thank you God.
KB0PSUN|For our Christian brothers and sisters in Romania and a few more we say thank you God.
KB0PSUN|Thank you God.
KB0PSUN|And the joy of wonder of the here worship in you thank you God.
KB0PSUN|Thank you God.
KB0PSUN|For all those who made it possible for us to be here thank you God.
KB0PSUN|Thank you God.
KB0PSUN|Bow down.
KB0PSUN|may God be true Bow down may God in you.
KB0PSUN|For church leaders community leaders and ordinary people working for peace in Ireland thank you God.
KB0PSUN|Thank you God.
KB0PSUN|For exciting us with visions of the many ways of church ministers thank you God.
KB0PSUN|Thank you God.
KB0PSUN|For the faithful witness of our small rural churches thank you God.
KB0PSUN|Thank you God Bow down may God be true Bow down may God in you.
KB0PSUN|For all the young people who have shared not just today but shared together in this weekend thank you God.
KB0PSUN|Thank you God.
PS008|For the people we are going home to live with and worship with this Sunday thank you God.
KB0PSUN|Thank you God.
KB0PSUN|For a day off from all the electioneering and yet also for leading us back to the very issues that will be challenging our country thank you God.
KB0PSUN|Thank you God.
KB0PSUN|Bow down may God in you bow down may God in you.
PS008|We know we are part of a great community and so we now stand Lord as we remember those people who have been a part a part of this particular community to give thanks for their life and to give thanks for them And remember before you the names of.
PS004|Mr Conway elder at Mount Piscod urc.
PS008|For these and all your saints past present and to come we thank you God thank you God Amen.
KB0PSUN|Amen.
PS008|gracious spirits heavenly dowsed with life and comfort from the.
KB0PSUN|Long may the spirit carry on in all all our lives He's now our guardian all our lives for every and God his name and if thy name for carry him in every heart and he has bless my Lord and we must We must and we may share forever forever he turned to God our to he.
PS004|Part of a letter from Jesus to the church Blessed are the poor the kingdom of heaven is theirs Blessed are disciples they shall find conservation Blessed are the gentleman they shall have the earth for their possessions Blessed are those who hunger and thirst to see they shall be satisfied Blessed are those who show mercy mercy shall be shown to them Blessed are those whose hearts are pure they will see God Blessed are the peacemakers they should be called God's children Blessed are those who are persecuted in holy right the kingdom of heaven is theirs Blessed are you when you suffer insults and persecution and cowardliness of every kind from my face exult and be glad for you have a rich reward in heaven in the same way as they persecuted the prophets who bore you.
PS008|Lord we commit our speaking and our thinking our fearing and our hoping into your hands Bless our work bless us that all we do and say may be to your glory and for the sake of your kingdom guide us.
KB0PSUN|and with us oh God and according to you we are to one church a church which opens doors and large windows a church which takes the world seriously ready to work and to suffer and even to for it and we follow and witness to him who is the saviour of the world Jesus Christ our Lord amen.
PS008|There are habits and sometimes there are bad habits and sometimes assume they can't hymn composer and our next hymn What is Written by not in eighteen ninety four but in ninety eighty four.
PS008|As saying to Abraham and Sarah the call of God was here.
KB0PSUN|Through Abraham and Sarah the call of God was here through God and I will show you and We and you shall be my hero and guide us in our life Through Abraham and Sarah the in our God and in I say his prayer and you shall be my hero and guide us in our life In all through my prayer and in God house I pray he guides me in my and carries me and you shall be my hero and guide us in our life.
PS008|And so this on our pilgrimage is end May the everlasting God shield you East and West and South and wherever you go and the blessing of God be upon us.
KB0PSUN|The blessing of God of life.
PS008|The blessing of Christ be upon us.
KB0PSUN|The blessing of the Christ of love.
PS008|The blessing of the spirits be upon us.
KB0PSUN|The blessing of the spirit of grace.
PS008|The blessing of the trinity be upon us now and forever more.
KB0PSUN|Amen.
KB0PSUN|They wan na the key.
KB0PSUN|I thought they said they put it in the back bit.
KB0PSUN|It could be anywhere by now.
KB0PSUN|Who's the fair lady.
KB0PSUN|That was all.
KB0PSUN|Oh yeah this Linda's one.
KB0PSUN|I du n no it was a big.
KB0PSUN|You could always borrow mine.
KB0PSUN|I suppose.
KB0PSUN|You could borrow mine.
