PS00A|Moderator and friends let me say first of all that I'm glad to be able to make these speeches on behalf of the member churches of and I'd like to also on particularly on behalf of the England and Wales though I did realise having said that that you have a minister of the University of Penryth is also a member of this Synod and therefore you've got me three things Er.
PS00A|I greet you greet you on on behalf of these And but I I'm glad to make a greeting from a a wide range of churches erm I've got to discard this figure because I've got But including churches that are Orthodox church and the Lutheran Lutheran churches in Wales and now hopefully during this year some sanctity churches in Wales And so that there will be a a broad spectrum of people who with us confess a common faith serve a common Lord and proclaim about our gospel serving within this number of people in Wales and therefore I'm glad to bring you greetings for that reason I'm glad to bring you greetings because I think you serve a particularly unimportant purpose When when I was asked to comment be before John was was ever elected erm is that you elect moderators from e whatever happened to a moderator.
PS00A|Be before you were chosen by whatever process a number of us was asked to comment and one of the things I felt it important to say was that the urc plays a very important role both in being a bridge between all these nations but also serving a particular reform tradition within Wales And that this larger responsibility having more local responsibility combined in one small church is an important role But I think that came through in this morning's conversation And I'm glad also to to to greeting it's my last part John if you'd like to know.
PS00A|Erm be because out of that debate this morning I sense you have much to offer the rest of us and I hope that that conversation will not be a conversation confined your Synod or to the to the assembly of urc but that we'll find ways of sharing that perception of ministry with those of us in other churches cos you don't need me to tell me tell you that that key question in the whole ecumenical debate not just in these nations but worldwide and I think that from within this reform tradition in which I share I will hope that we will find ways of offering that perception of ministry in all its forms as erm a symbol and a sign of the ministry of the whole people of God we have that to offer the churches in Wales and worldwide and I hope that we can find ways of doing that And for those reasons and for the fact that I more or less enjoyed the journey and had to come anyway as a chauffeur.
KB0PSUN|Thank you Noel We move to the Ecumenical group it's on page number fourteen Page four on page four.
PS007|Thank you moderator Having read the Synod class letter I will assume you haven't acted on it and therefore rule resolution one.
PS007|You will see this report for debate.
KB0PSUN|Not half.
PS007|If there are no questions on the paragraphs of the report not covered by resolutions.
KB0PSUN|Are there any questions or comments on paragraphs one or three or four onwards.
KB0PSUN|No.
KB0PSUN|In that case resolutions.
PS007|I then resolution two which is continuing the process that we were introduced to the last Synod and the previous Synod consideration of the endless discussion document on Christian initiation I hope.
KB0PSUN|anybody wish to speak to this in will you any visitors Silence the resolutions before you and the second the working party and to consider and coordinate from to endless All those in favour Any against I think it's important also that having done that that also replies the eagerness and activity in which it was.
PS007|Ha.
KB0PSUN|about the whole process of Christian initiation I mean having done that we haven't yet set up a working party and let the rest of the world forget about us As one seems possible Number three please.
PS007|Resolution three concerns the agreed procedure and service for the ordinat the electoral statement held as a United United Reform Presbyterian Church of Wales churches I all had hoped to be able to bring before you a final draft of th the service it has not yet finally been passed by the Presbyterian Church of Wales therefore discussions on what form and how it will be printed have not yet taken place So you've got the latest draft with the latest amendments those of you who have taken one to se look at it If you haven't I assume you trust the urc doctorate worship committee and ecumenical at home committee and the group.
KB0PSUN|Oh ha.
KB0PSUN|Absolute.
KB0PSUN|I am happy to let those erm tra procedures of the electional ordination and induction of elders in joint urc Presbyterian Church of Wales Yes Question.
KB0PSUN|Yes only one question I've got please Er erm.
KB0PSUN|Under the line.
KB0PSUN|Oh Sorry I di.
