PS0W2|Oh dear Ian Botham's dream of helping England to victory in his last world cup campaign took thrilling shape in Perth Botham inspired England to their nine run win over India with his enthusiasm experience and will to win He was involved in everything opening the innings coming back as a runner for Graham Gooch bowling a match winning spell holding a vital catch and finally ending the game with a calm run out Beefy's presence in the England team was a huge bonus for Gooch The big fella is more keyed up than I've seen him for a long time and he is channelling all his energies into one final world cup fling Don't ask me how he manages it but there is still an aura about Botham that intimidates even the finest player.
PS0W2|Indian youngster handled England's other bowlers with ease he looked in tremendous form but when Botham came on and bowled him a harmless straight one somehow managed to edge it into his pads and nearly played on Not that Both would ever admit to bowling a straight one the ball he produced to finally get rid of was a gem and it turned the match away from India.
PS0W4|The thing about it is I mean they've all got eat their words now haven't they I mean they've all been sort of saying oh well you know it's ridiculous to take him let him play his panto and then sort of just join.
PS0W2|Mm.
PS0W4|the thing I mean everybody's been complaining about that but considering all that he hasn't done bad has he.
PS0W2|No Oh I see I thought I don't know why I thought there was two ta two sort of halves to this world cup but there's not.
PS0W4|Oh.
PS0W2|it's it's just the one table.
PS0W4|Oh so they've done what they've got to do.
PS0W2|Well no I mean they're each gon na play each other obviously but you see England New Zealand and Sri Lanka and West Indies have all got two points from one game Australia India Pakistan and Zimbabwe have all lost so they've got no points from one game South Africa have still to play So I should think it's gon na be the top four that will go into a knock out competition or something like that at the end you know.
PS0W4|Yeah Yes of course these bookings had to made by the twenty fifth of th of erm February didn't they.
PS0W2|That's right Yes well the twenty sixth was it.
PS0W4|Twenty fifth.
PS0W2|Well that's.
PS0W4|Twenty sixth twenty sixth.
PS0W2|Yes Now that's Wednesday you see so I knew we'd got to do it.
PS0W4|Oh so that's Wednesday You can even get to the Imperial for two ninety seven pounds per person for five nights If you think what the Imperial in Torquay is anyway.
PS0W2|Yeah Oh yes it says this is the first world cup the new way of playing the qualifying rounds this is the first world cup where every team has to play each other and it should mean the best sides make the semi-finals Under the old two group format it was very much down to luck as to who you were drawn with the new system is much better it allows for the odd hiccup gives an extra dimension to every game and rewards those teams that perform on the day.
PS0W4|Mm.
PS0W2|It also gives the smaller nations like Sri Lanka and Zimbabwe a crack at all the big boys So everybody plays everybody else once.
PS0W4|Yeah.
PS0W2|and then it's the semi-finals so obviously I should think the top four clubs will go into the knock out.
PS0W4|Oh so they hadn't have had that at Woodbridge Lavenham they have erm at the Swan there.
