PS0W2|I can ring up Directory Enquiries.
PS0W4|They said they erm they said something or other they were going to be closing down somewhere in Cornwall because the Directory Enquiry service was not being used.
PS0W2|Yeah but you're still erm.
PS0W4|and you're ch you're charged for it.
PS0W2|Well you're charged for it from the erm a private call but you're not charged.
PS0W4|Oh and not from a phone box.
PS0W2|not from a phone box.
PS0W4|Oh well Well do you know I never knew this I was recently hit by a car and although not seriously hurt I did go to casualty to have some cuts cleaned and an X-ray taken to check I hadn't broken my ankle Now I have received a bill for nineteen pounds thirty from the hospital for the treatment I was given I thought all treatment was free on the N H S do I have to pay and they answer no nor should you have been sent the bill although the hospital was within its rights to make a charge for the emergency treatment fee There is a standard charge for immediate treatment given by a doctor or a hospital to any casualty of a road accident According to the nineteen eighty eight Road Traffic Act the E T F can be charged only to the driver of the car involved irrespective of who caused the accident The hospital should therefore have sent the bill to the driver who will be able to claim for it.
PS0W4|insurance.
PS0W2|That's right yeah.
PS0W4|All policies must cover many insurers will reimburse it Return the bill to the hospital and explain their error then you should hear nothing further about it Ah you see here's somebody who's writing about you know her part of the erm the interest on an er on erm and it says and provided you have no other income er that would take you over your personal allowance register for on the Inland Revenue form R eighty five interest with no tax deductions You can also get this form tax office or bank If you register immediately you'll benefit from a whole year's worth of tax free interest for what's calculated on April the fifth If your building society won't allow you to register you can still apply for a refund of overpaid tax financial year For details see leaflet one R hundred and eleven how to claim a repayment of tax from banks and building societies So I should go into the tax office and.
PS0W2|No I think I think we've got the interest your interest on my buil on the buil.
PS0W4|Yeah I know you sent that to the building society but I was.
PS0W2|Yeah.
PS0W4|just thinking then of the other.
PS0W2|Oh that tax credit yeah.
PS0W4|Yeah the the tax office and ask them.
PS0W2|Oh yeah could do that if you don't get hear from the.
PS0W4|I should have heard from them by now.
PS0W2|I would have thought so yeah.
PS0W2|Didn't you say somewhere in St Austell.
PS0W4|No no no no I've seen one since then.
PS0W2|Oh.
PS0W4|Bearing in mind too that as a non-taxpayer you can open an account in just your name and so enable all the interest to be declared gross do you.
PS0W2|Well it's neither here nor there but I mean the thing is that we don't as it is we're not losing anything because you're getting yours half of it's coming back as as gross interest.
