PS1GE|When you're fucking pissed out does compare to lot of them taking sister up to er Black you know.
PS1GF|Yeah I could do with some.
PS1GE|The thing is the said to me she said oh were going out in style and have a drink had a really nice sandwich there like it was french loaf about that bit get nice home cooked lot's of cheese and onion right really nice.
PS1GE|Fucking dangling.
PS1GF|Yeah I just go and get this and I'll go and pop down to.
PS1GE|eat sort of thing We eventually got in there about coming up to half past two.
PS1GF|Yeah.
PS1GE|so I mean I'd been dying for this pint all all day sort of thing I felt much better after that Yes that right yeah and that was the start of this erm.
PS1GE|I said I was myself but but what get's me is people stand there chat I mean your walking behind them and then all of a sudden there just stop dead and you must be carry on walking oh god there's about twenty of them there blocking the fucking isle.
PS1GF|Yeah.
PS1GE|and you've got to try and get round them oh god there's about six thousand trying to do the same thing.
PS1GE|I'll tell you what my idea of hell is going Christmas shopping with them and then you've got women all round the worse one's are the women with the kiddies in the pushchair and you've got to go round and you.
PS1GF|Tell you what women with pram's and stuff there fucking tread on the babies head or something Notice that supermarket's.
PS1GF|Yeah fucking little kid like.
PS1GF|it's bad enough standing there trying to be calm and nonchalant like most bloke's do in the fucking underwear department.
PS1GE|Don't.
PS1GF|Oh I wasn't and erm the next thing I know I've nearly fucking been bowled over sort of the bags in fucking look behind me so those two fucking bought the bags back down fucking legs and I've just caught this like running round another another thing I thought oh fucking little kid the next thing I know there's another one gone pass me like taken the bags the handles out of the plastic bags fucking and it was a girl that was going first this time so I and sure enough there was a little fucking brat boy coming again so I just went flying he sort of looked up at me and rubbed his eye like that and carried on running after the I said you come round here sonny you'll I was just about to wind up right you know.
PS1GE|brown bread.
PS1GF|Fucking what I I'm I think it was he's mum or not some old biddy gave me a right old put the handbags of the and as he came round I sort of went.
PS1GF|And you know the only reason you've got a hang over and you know there isn't really any body else to blame but yourself but that makes you want to look for a but the kid There's nothing worse than being in a foul temper and knowing that it's only you you've got to blame for it.
PS1GF|It's really nice and sweet all day and it's fucking making me even angrier I hate going shopping with them she wants to go next Saturday I said fuck that.
PS1GE|Go on your own.
PS1GF|Yeah oh what I didn't actually say fuck that I know I've got to go and get your present you know.
PS1GF|Friends family and stuff day sort of thing that'll be quite a good idea.
PS1GE|right.
PS1GF|She'll she'll think that's right.
PS1GF|I know it's good in it but erm bought her I've bought her a Ghost video.
PS1GE|A what.
PS1GF|A Ghost video.
PS1GE|Oh yeah.
PS1GF|Bought her erm bought her a little.
PS1GF|I was gon na split that I've only got eight more things to get her I've already spent about I don't know sixty quid on her.
