PS1GE|You see I can't remember if they're if they're pulling my plonker or not but that is the sort of thing I do but I can't remember anything about it The only trouble is I did have quite well it's easy though that's the thing it's just like a it's just a multi storey car park so it's quite easy and you you know you can get strong when you're pissed don't you like.
PS1GF|What fucking Well either you have to think it's wrong.
PS1GE|yeah but I mean I it I when I'm fucking pissed I can't sober that's why I probably think they're they're not pulling a plonker cos I've done that sort of thing in the past had me fucking climbing on bikes swinging off the side of the building.
PS1GF|Oh I.
PS1GE|See I never know whether they're pulling pulling a plonker or not you know that's the real like I said I can't remember doing it but I wouldn't put it pass myself and I fucking get stupid I don't get aggressive or anything I just get stupid you know I do shit like that I've nicked bus stop signs fucking road signs and stuff I just get stupid that's if I get that pissed I mean I probably talking of talking of fucking all most not knowing you're right name sort of pissed.
PS1GE|That's the thing apparent apparently I couldn't even walk straight and yet there's me fucking climbing up the outside of a building which to me sounds about right God knows how I didn't kill myself and the sheer of the whole thing was it wasn't even on the second floor it was on the ground floor they were just pulling a Cos I count.
PS1GF|I I use to go up the.
PS1GE|But norm nine times out of ten you went the inside of it.
PS1GF|Oh yeah just sat there in the outside down a.
PS1GE|Well I see if my memory.
PS1GF|Fucking people use to come out and fucking say to me fucking wanker up there I wonder if he's gon na jump the old bill.
PS1GE|Well my my memory right you go down into into like a the ground floor and the top of the like the bottom of the next floor is about that sort of height but there is a wall up there sort of thing which erm I I must which you could probably get on So what they says is that I I got on at this wall jumped across onto this other wall shinned up the outside of this other wall stood on top of this the first floor wall and jumped up and caught hold of the top of the second floor wall and he reckon in the la about fucking twenty odd seconds I was up and over and in they they they fucking kill yourself get down I can't remember none of it The on the only thing I can remember is running after the car.
PS1GF|Why they all just piled in did they.
PS1GE|Well I don't know.
PS1GF|to fuck off.
PS1GE|Yeah probably me and this other mate he'd a did a I can I can remember him saying something about I'll race yeah it like I remember just remember him me and him run running down ramps and stuff trying to get back down to the ground floor so Actually sometimes I'm pretty glad I don't remember things like that You can see why I was in such a bad mood Saturday cos if I'd drunk that much Friday night you can imagine what sort of a hang over I had I mean we got up about nineo'clock as well but er I'd meet up in town and our house like twenty past nine half past get get get the bit of shopping done before the fucking crowds I might off wasted me time we got in there about teno'clock right old day.
PS1GF|Yeah.
PS1GE|By fucking half past ten it's it's well busy it's so packed.
PS1GF|Barry's not there.
PS1GE|I bet you hate it when the glue goes hard.
PS1GF|Yeah.
PS1GE|That's the only thing with bonding.
