PS1GE|What happen was we was standing this jeweller's well really we'd been there she half the stuff for me and er other people and that but erm were standing there for ages and she come I'm I'm sort of standing there like this up against the counter waiting to be served suppose to be coming back right stood right on the foot it hurt but I thought ok it's a busy shop he won't so I'd turned around sort of he was there so I sort of went to him like that and he was looked at me and fucking looked back so I said are you gon na apologise then getting right fucking pissed off cos I about threeo'clock that day hang over and being dragged up and down the town all fucking day ain't my idea of fun you know ri right in a bad mood anyway and he said no in a real fucking why don't you try and make me sort of attitude so I'm just about to fucking say something to me like how out the shop and everything and she said what's the fuck what's the matter with you then I said well that cunt stood on my foot she said so move out I said what about good manners then.
PS1GE|Would of been right you know would have been a nightmare expected to all over the place But if somebody said to me shop alright you don't flare up face you flare up with them for not fucking apologising.
PS1GF|Yeah I suppose.
PS1GE|Me sort of I said you gon na apologise then He sort of said sort of went no so I went don't fucking apologise me you shit and all this sort of stuff right So I I fucking get it right say something I was right pissed off by this time next I I I stood out and step forward fucking get closer sort of thing and say something and that was it.
PS1GE|Makes me look a right cunt dragging me out of the shop let alone oh I hate shopping I had a massive hang over right piss up the night before Sunday.
PS1GF|Ah.
PS1GE|Sunday I I was up ladder cutting the trees down.
PS1GF|Yeah.
PS1GE|Oh right we row we lucky we've got a row of trees all the way along the back fence like and in the summer when all the foliage makes quite a nice barrier for the noise and sound and stuff but what were trying to do is to stop them from were trying to make them spread out.
PS1GF|Yeah.
PS1GE|the right way to do that is crop them don't ya.
PS1GF|Yeah.
PS1GE|So there's me and a mate up a ladder with chain saws and that nearly all day yesterday good fun actually Give me a fucking chain saw in me hand I'm well away love it They're not they're not big trees or nothing so I mean there was it was only a like one of these small power chain saws one hand sort of thing grab hold of it like that there was nothing no really big branches were only cutting the tops off We we did trim them a bit around the sides they were quite big you know.
PS1GF|What are they trees or something.
PS1GE|Erm I don't know really Oak Sycamore a mixture trees got a couple of Oak tree's there in the corner you've got cos our fence you've got that my house is there right road down like that and you've got a fencing it goes like that and with got trees all around it.
PS1GF|Yeah.
PS1GE|And they're and they're we've got Oak big Oak trees that have started to get quite big now as they will and the rest is all a mixture of Horse Horse Chestnut and Sycamore and couple of other like things in there A couple of times we had big branch and stuff You know good fun love love having a hand and chain saw We we hired one of these little ones we did get a bigger for the only cost us fifteen quid to hire three chain saws for the day.
PS1GF|Where was that.
PS1GE|That was the erm the tool hire shop in in North Camp.
PS1GF|Yeah.
PS1GE|it's alright You pay for your own petrol and stuff Oh yeah yeah.
PS1GF|Yes it's wicked wicked man.
PS1GE|Might go.
PS1GF|Yeah yeah.
PS1GE|Not got a hang over or nothing.
PS1GF|No.
PS1GE|Still I've been as fucking sober as a Judge since Friday night.
PS1GF|Put me off I think.
PS1GE|Yeah I only go out drinking now once a week so I think I make the most of it can't remember anything I did Friday night again.
PS1GF|typical night out.
PS1GE|No I don't know whether it's true or not I don't know whether they're fucking trouble is it sounds like the sort of thing I do is we parked in the multi storey car park in Guildon.
PS1GE|Parked in the multi storey car park in Guildon and were walking along and like there's all this you go down to the ground floor and then you've got the first and second and er you can get to the first floor where it's like the first floor the first floor is just above sort of street level.
PS1GF|Yeah.
PS1GE|but with with this walk down into this this dip so I had to get underneath and I said where'd you park and he said the second floor taking the piss so apparently three of his other mates who were well dressed up as well and he he said race ya so I started off fucking so he he started off running through the thing right cos said race yeah he went apparently I just climbed up the outside of the building climbed up two fucking flights of floors you know I can't remember anything about it though.
