PS04U|Jackie phoned me up to say she phoned me up today for a chat we were chatting away and she said erm I heard Brenda Brenda so I knew it was girl and er I was saying she walked straight into the kitchen and I was sort of still on the phone I was saying yeah yeah ok and erm I said I'm going out shopping and I'm taking the dog with me I said ok fair enough she said well you'll probably be gone when I get back I said oh might be but she said but I don't know and erm you know and I just put the phone down cos she wanted to see the pictures my little girl asked put all the pictures up for him and er were looking at all the pictures and I'd forgotten about Jack on the phone you know so she s all of a sudden I got back she said oh your phone call she said who you talking too Oh no you know she's gon na sort of sort of suus so erm I said oh it's alright it's only Eve's house keeper and I got back on the phone I said no I'm every sorry to leave you hanging on I said no I don't know where she is I haven't seen her all morning I haven't seen her at all and er I said bye then she said what's the matter with you she said I said what do you mean what's the matter with me she said oh why you talking funny I said bye then see you sometime bye and I put the phone down and she said what does she want then and I said oh she wanted to know where you know she'd gone and I said oh I haven't seen her all week you know after while we was hanging she was hanging pictures erm she come through she said oh they look wonderful she said I've got pictures she said I want my mountain put up in my lounge with that June burst out laughing Neil went through and he he put her pictures up and he was gone there he said god he said you know literally it's a day to hang pictures I said well don't worry about it you know that's what he said to do.
PS04U|like that little thing you know the actual picture hook with a hook.
PS04V|The string.
PS04U|you just knock it in Yeah well he's got brass wire on the he just special picture wire it's called.
PS04V|And he spent all day with them.
PS04U|He had about thirty pictures to hang and he had to measure it wall so it was spot on and he want he wanted them all upstairs he did one two three four five six seven eight about twelve just downstairs in the hall way.
PS04U|What Well they're not new blimming new pict though they've decorated haven't they they've done one coat now I look like Nora Batty with wrinkles in this tights I told her to phone me from Woking station but she's probably er.
PS04U|well she put cos she usually she buy phone card or what does she call cos I asked her do you remember Asked her what sort of coins she uses do you reckon they go with it do they say on the front page then about that superstore.
PS04V|Yeah.
PS04U|What do they say they're up in arms.
PS04V|outrage.
PS04U|So where else will they then.
PS04V|They say the trouble is they're at cricket club they want it update.
PS04U|They want it updated but I thought that was doing away with it Is that is that staying there.
PS04V|building built on the running track.
PS04U|Mm.
PS04V|And then Tesco's there.
PS04U|Do they and where was that.
PS04V|further down.
PS04U|And they're actually and that cricket.
PS04V|yes what they do is say a bloke one bloke owns quite a bit of that cricket ground Tesco's he said Tesco's what they sa they know that he want's he's put the plans in to upgrade all to get a bigger site somewhere else for.
PS04U|Mm.
PS04V|Tesco's have done it Tesco's he sell it to we buy it.
PS04U|But doesn't it cost them money.
PS04V|No he he don't.
PS04U|That's what I'm saying when it costs doesn't it cost Tesco's an extra lot of money.
PS04V|Yeah but they get this.
PS04U|Yeah but then don't they have to get permission.
PS04V|Oh yeah oh it'll be a long mean fought out battle I I really don't see.
PS04U|But I can't see why they wan na put er a Tesco's if there's a Sainsbury's coming to.
PS04V|Well it all goes They've got a Waitrose and they've got Sainsbury's in Birmingham but then again you've got.
PS04Y|Yeah but they're out of aren't they cos they're saying out from eight to eight sort of time or sixteen a week aren't they because of the competition with them all.
PS04V|Yeah but I I don't think it's.
PS04Y|Yeah if it's such I mean.
PS04Y|But it's.
PS04V|Oh yeah it's.
PS04Y|That would go.
PS04V|They.
PS04Y|The cricket pitch has been there for thirty five years.
PS04V|It's for it No one's and they can buy they can re-build it maybe.
PS04Y|That always.
PS04V|Well yes.
PS04Y|Well there's a lot of land there because they've got opposite the church that bit of land.
PS04Y|Yeah but it's like that I mean are they still wan na car park are they still gon na put erm hotel there.
PS04V|Don't know.
