PS101|Health food shop.
PS102|And it's.
PS101|Calming nerves sort of tension yes.
PS102|Yes Well that it speak the truth they were given to me by June who's very into that sort of thing and prescribed them for Simon and in fact has had to give him a few more now because he's had his driving test cancelled And and he happened to give me.
PS101|But my sister said exactly the same thing when she began a lot of those new remedies And when I was talking to her she said oh well you should give her something but not to send her to sleep and make her drowsy.
PS102|Mm.
PS101|Not those kind of relaxants but something just to relieve the tension and make her feel calmer So she approaches it in a better frame of mind.
PS102|I my feeling is that it's a bit of a placebo But if it works it doesn't matter I put Marie Ann gave her daughter a Valium before she took her driving test.
PS101|Did she fall asleep over the wheel.
PS102|She didn't fall over the wheel and she did pass her test And Marie Ann.
PS101|Was she very nervous.
PS102|She she was very nervous And er And I told Marie Ann about that and she said right That will not happen to Victoria And erm she did another very sensible thing which was to send Victoria out the day before with Patricia.
PS101|Someone new and different.
PS102|Someone she Victoria didn't know And he just sat there doing and saying absolutely nothing And erm Marie Ann thinks she got over her worst nerves at that time.
PS101|That was a good idea.
PS102|Was a good idea She offered to do it for Simon and he thought it was a good idea but er he never quite got around to doing it Maybe I'll get her to do it next week because his next test is next Friday He's hardly been in the car I shouldn't think his car will start So erm you know I'm glad it's only that but I suspect when the day comes his car will but he took these erm homeopathic tranquillisers of course thinking his test was going to be a couple of weeks ago And you have to take three the day before.
PS101|Yes they're not very strong you have to build it up gradually.
PS102|and then they're not drugs of course And then er one I think an hour before whichever event you're dreading particularly And he of course he'd taken them the day before And by the evening said oh I feel awful I don't know And I reported that to June and she said that's a load of nonsense because there's nothing in it to make you feel lightheaded or anything else and if he if he felt a bit tired you know And of course on the morning it was difficult to tell because before he took the first test he appeared to be fine until really the the very last minute.
PS101|Yes.
PS102|And we didn't get that far I can't say with my heart on my heart they work I myself put my faith in diazepam I've got gram diazepam which is very slight very small dose and is enough just to stop you caring so much about whatever it is that's really bugging you.
PS101|I mean I honestly think she's not going to pass even though she's going to have another go.
PS102|Yes.
PS101|Because as you know if you fail twice you're sure to fail the third time I mean you how am I going to suddenly be better at it.
PS102|How's it going to be different.
PS101|So I said well a lot of it's an attitude.
PS102|Exactly that's the only thing you can really change Also I mean.
