KBXPS00|And in terrible conditions erm another country is Zaire where there is currently I mean I'd think there was a military coup or something there in the last few weeks but these things are colonies which weren't connected to Britain hoping I'm being I think it's a French colony they use a Belgian colony or is an ex Belgian colony maybe in Belgium and France you would get more news about those two countries but here we don't because they we haven't got that colonial connection that makes us interested perhaps erm and and when we do find out about South Africa because it used to be a colony we do find out about I mean Ethiopia I think we found out about because of the disaster that's happening there in several of the countries all around it used to be British colonies But there are all sorts of reasons why we don't get that news one guy said well if we wanted to do it I know if we wanted to make the news that according to the level of human suffering we'd start off with Ethiopia then we'd have the Kurdish problem and you know just made a living of disaster areas around the world he said we might of finished up with a light hearted discussion on the poll tax you know as the as the light the lightener at the end of the news if you like and our what news we receive here depends on our perception of the world but mainly it's the other way round our perception of the world is is what you know what it or rather the news that we get actually manufactures our perception of the world You can find out about world events if you read a good newspaper somebody said to me yesterday in class well we don't get the news about these places you do you just don't get it on the T V it's there in the Guardian every day it's there in the Independent every day quite a lot of it gets reported in the Telegraph but it's no good if you're reading the Mirror you won't get it in there you won't get it in the Mail or any other of those newspapers the tabloids but these things are happening why would we be interested Why would we be interested in finding out these things Do you read the international section of papers then any of you Why not.
KBXPSUN|Boring.
KBXPS00|Pardon.
KBXPSUN|Boring.
KBXPS00|Boring why is it boring.
KBXPS00|don't need newspapers anyway who reads newspapers What do you read.
KBXPS00|mm mm and do you ever read the international section Yes you find that you pick certain countries that you're interested in.
KBXPS00|okay what do you.
KBXPS00|what about you.
KBXPS00|yeah yeah and you read them in the international section.
KBXPSUN|Yeah.
KBXPS00|Yeah.
KBXPS00|no no that's right don't you pick on particular issues or particular countries that you're interested in.
KBXPSUN|Sometimes I do yeah especially.
KBXPS00|yeah yeah.
KBXPS00|yeah.
KBXPS00|yeah.
KBXPSUN|and things like that.
KBXPS00|Why do you think that most of the people in this room don't read newspapers Do you do general studies Who does general studies.
KBXPS00|you should be reading newspapers.
KBXPS00|mm okay you know that you can get the Guardian cheap don't you.
KBXPSUN|mm mm.
KBXPS00|okay you also know about the editorial control of newspapers do you Were there any left newspapers in this country Is there anything other than the Tory Party line Don't know.
KBXPSUN|Yes I do.
KBXPS00|Pardon.
KBXPSUN|I think it's well the.
KBXPS00|yeah.
KBXPS00|well it's Today the Mail and the Guardian are the only ones that put anything other than the Party line.
KBXPSUN|Mm.
KBXPS00|well the Party being the Tory party no matter which party's in power because they're all owned by Tories basically erm I hope nobody reads the Sun but I.
KBXPS00|I'm not gon na ask who reads the Sun if you do I hope you're critical of it especially page three.
KBXPS00|erm okay but this information is there for you to find out about the reason why I would say it's important to find out about those things well one you tell me.
KBXPS00|why do you need that.
KBXPS00|okay anybody got any other reasons why they think that maybe we ought to know what's going on in other countries why why would we be interested in the roots in Kenya India why would we be interested in those countries.
KBXPS00|which do what for us.
KBXPS00|yeah.
KBXPS00|yeah.
KBXPS00|okay can anybody think of anything that you eat that comes from somewhere else To eat or drink got coffee tea.
KBXPSUN|Maize.
KBXPS00|Maize.
KBXPSUN|Vegetables.
KBXPS00|Vegetables oranges you get oranges from Israel and Spain you get pasta from Italy you get lentils from Ethiopia did you know that Lentils coming from Ethiopia you get wheat from the States rice from the States ap apples from France tea from India coffee from Brazil and Columbia sugar from the Windward Islands bananas from all over the place you know those are the things that keep us alive no you know whether we one think they are or not but I mean them things are what keeps the economy alive for one it's also what keeps us personally alive if you don't know why we take an interest in Third World issues I would say that it's that we're dependent on these countries we could produce enough foods for our own needs but we wouldn't have oranges coffee tea sugar you know cos we can't grow them in this country we we really depend on those things to stay alive and for that reason alone we should have some kind of interest if you went to Kenya for example they would be staggered at how little you know about their country given how much they know about yours they know a lot about this country a lot of it is a bit loopy but then what you know about their country is probably a bit off centre as well and you know I hope that this is something that we're reversing in this section our perceptions of the Third World or the south or whatever we choose to call it colour a lot of the things that we think and do and say and it increases the amount of racism that there is around us all all those kind of things erm and I think that it is really important to look at what a perception is you know for example what's your perception of this What is it.
KBXPSUN|Just a piece of paper with writing.
KBXPS00|Just a piece of paper with some writing on it just one piece of paper.
KBXPSUN|A few.
KBXPS00|A few bits of paper with some writing on it what colour is it John.
KBXPS00|well okay my perception of this is a yellow piece of paper with a map on it.
KBXPS00|exactly yeah and we can do that with everything we can do that with everything this is my perception and that's your perception of this thing that I'm holding in my hand everything that we've seen have that ability you know we've got the ability to do that with everything what we need to do sometimes is walk around the issue if you like and look at it from another perspective and and this is what we're doing with Ethiopia now erm the good section again was looking at images and particularly the fact that a lot of images are very negative and throwing an alternative view the second section we're looking at news coverage which is very sketchy erm it doesn't provide a complete picture at all and this third section well you saw what that's about there.
KBXPS00|now can you make sure you are somewhere where you can see this please.
